one of the easiest ways to get sales on
Tik Tok shops is to find quality
Affiliates that can promote your
products for you just a few Affiliates
like this can start churning out sales
for your shop without you needing to
upload any more videos now it's one of
the coolest things about Tik Tok shop in
my opinion and it's that they've built
the affiliate marketing program that
connects shop owners like you and me to
other creators and pages that already
have the audience that would be
interested in our products so that said
how can you actually capitalize on it
it's one thing to just say go out and
get Affiliates to promote your products
for you but what are the actual tangible
steps that you need to take in order to
find them and how do you go about doing
it and get them to promote your products
the first method to getting Affiliates
is one that all shop owners should do
it's the lowest hanging fruit it takes
about 5 seconds and it's all upside with
zero effort that's the shop plan so if
you go to affiliate marketing when
you're in your Tik Tok shop dashboard
click get started and set up your shop
plan this will allow Affiliates looking
to promote products to find yours when
they're searching through the Tik Tok
shop Marketplace to actually promote
affiliate products and they'll
potentially select yours and start
promoting them now they won't be able to
do this unless you set this up so this
is crucial when setting your commission
for this I'd recommend at least 20% but
you can even go up to 30 or even higher
if you can afford it the reason being is
if you can afford this much cut into
your profit margin it's a no-brainer to
give it away to Affiliates in my opinion
especially in in the beginning you'll
attract more Affiliates you'll attract
higher quality Affiliates and you'll be
getting more feedback on what products
people actually want a lot faster with
no extra effort on your part even if
you're only making like 50 cents for
example after this do it especially in
the beginning it doesn't cost you any
time for them to make the sales you'll
see what products are working which will
then allow you to go out and make more
videos for them specifically or find
more Affiliates to promote those
specific products and you'll get that
much needed social proof proof on your
products landing page so future buyers
now convert at a higher rate than they
did before for instance there have been
some products on Tik Tok shop that I've
looked at as a buyer when they give out
the free claim coupons for creators and
I'm hesitant to actually click that buy
on a product where there's no ratings
yet it looks a little sketchy on the
contrary if there's dozens or even
hundreds of ratings already I wouldn't
even think twice the same goes for
buyers social proof matters a lot and a
high commmission shop plan is one of the
easiest ways to to get that fast
especially if you're just launching your
shop now the next plan that you want to
create is the open plan this is a
product specific plan where you can
choose the products that you want
Affiliates to be able to promote and at
what specific commissions for products
this is the best for Ecom sellers or
drop shippers that might have
drastically different profit margins
from product to product for instance if
you consistently Mark your products up
40% across the board then it really
doesn't matter because you can safely
offer a 30% commission for example on
all your products no knowing that you'll
still retain 10% of the profit for each
sale even if the affiliate gets their
30% of the cut but let's say that you
have products that are maybe priced
differently maybe a large majority of
your products you mark up to 40% but a
few of them are maybe higher tickets so
the markup is less maybe more like 15 to
20% and I actually have a product like
this that sells all the time for me and
if I were to have Affiliates promote it
for more than 15% I'd be losing money on
every sale so it wouldn't make sense for
me but that's why the shop plan makes
the most sense in this case because you
can set specific commissions for
specific products or not allow specific
products to be promoted by Affiliates
all together so to set this plan up go
to create an open plan then add a plan
then select your specific products and
set your commission that you plan to
give influencers that promote each
product also choose if you'd like to
give away free samples for it or not for
each product now whether or not you want
to give free samples away is really a
personal choice you'll need to actually
make yourself and it'll most likely
depend depend on how much money you want
to spend to try and launch a product or
not as well as how much each product
costs again for example with my own shop
I have a $15 product that sells
consistently and I'm perfectly okay
giving tons of free samples of that out
because it only costs me $15 each time
and I get the upside of a potential
affiliate that might promote my product
and make exponential future sales in
perpetuity into the future without any
more of my time span but on the other
hand I have another product that sells
for like $140 and I'm not giving out
free samples for it because I'm not
spending $140 to send a free sample to
somebody every single time they request
it so again this is going to vary
product to product and seller to seller
of course but do what you feel
comfortable with now obviously there's
no promise that somebody you send a
sample to is going to make sales for you
but that's why you always check and look
at their following right is it high is
it engaged is it a good product Market
fit for your specific product and look
look at their track record and how much
they've sold previously what are their
earnings per thousand views that's a
crucial metric obviously the higher the
better and one thing that you'll notice
if you actually start promoting from the
affiliate side is if you do receive free
samples but you don't create videos on
them you're actually less likely to get
free samples in the future so don't
worry if you're giving out free samples
because there is an incentive for them
to create a video on and in most cases
they will now all of these factors will
give you a good indicator of whether or
not that person or that page might be a
good for your product or not once you
set this up you'll start receiving free
sample requests so be ready to either
grant them or reject them constantly and
if you're not getting a lot in the
beginning that's totally fine as you
start selling you'll start getting more
and more as your products become more
and more discoverable with more sales in
the affiliate dashboard finally the last
plan you should set up is the targeted
plan now this plan allows you to
actually find influencers yourself and
actively reach out to them this is a
great way to find high quality bigger
pay pages that might be a good affiliate
partner for you but keep in mind because
you are cold dming here and doing cold
Outreach you'll need a few things so
first and foremost is a good product
Market fit obviously because no page in
their right mind is going to want to
make videos on products that their
followers aren't interested in and that
don't match their Niche the second thing
is a high commission to entice them to
actually make the video and again I
always recommend at least 20% but 30%
plus would be ideal for larger Pages if
you can swing it you'll also want to
offer a risk-free free sample for them
so they're enticed to receive it and
make a video and then if they like it
they can make videos on it but again no
pressure that will allow them the lowest
amount of friction to saying yes to
proposal plus it'll allow you to get
your foot in the door and build a seller
affiliate relationship potentially with
them going forward now I typically start
off with something like this when I'm
cold dming so I'll say something like
hey I love what you're doing with and
then insert the page name there
obviously I'll keep it short and direct
out of respect for your time I have and
then insert the product that you have
there obviously that your followers
would love I'd love to send you a free
sample so you can check it out with no
strings attached and if you like it and
you think your audience might also be
interested in it then I'd love to pay
you to promote it with a few videos and
then I'll just leave it at that now this
template typically gets a decent amount
of responses and people want to know
more about one what the product is
obviously and how they can get a free
one but two what pay them to promote it
with a few videos specifically means and
then once they respond and they're
already more invested it's at this point
that you can send them the free sample
and make your affiliate partner pitch
explaining how they can make $10 or $15
or whatever the affiliate commission
that they would make on every single
sale would be with their videos and a
key thing to do is always keep it simple
when explaining it to them don't make
them overthink it and don't tell them
that they can earn a certain percentage
tell them in layman's terms right hey if
you make a sale you'll make x amount of
dollars that way it's easier for them to
quantify how much money they'll make
with a certain amount of VI and a
certain amount of sales and trust me
they will so that's how I approach
Affiliates on Tik Tok shop and that's
three ways that you can effectively
start getting Affiliates to sell your
Tik Tock shop products for you really
hope it helps